Surprisingly, Nozomi doesn't seem to care much about it herself... We have to celebrate her birthday properly.
Today is Tanabata. I'll also pray for the skies to be clear.
What did I wish for for Tanabata? I... I-I can't tell you!
It's "Marine Day" and not "Umi's Day"... but it's as if people are cheering me on so I'm enjoying it.
It's "Marine Day" and not... You already know that, don't you? Do you want to go to the sea together?
I know it's Nico's birthday today, but... do I really have to do it? N-Nico Nico Nii... ☆
Nico! You're the main character today. I'm glad that we can all celebrate your birthday together.
Happy birthday, Kotori. I'm glad that I'm able to celebrate your birthday this year like this too.
Happy birthday, Kotori. I want to do as much as I can for you.
Today's the Mid-Autumn Festival. The moon is so beautiful... No wonder they say that it's inhabited by spirits.
Homura is selling rabbit manjuu for the Mid-Autumn Festival. I highly recommend them.
It's Eli's birthday today. She brings us all together and is like the older sister of µ's.
Happy birthday, Eli! ...Hehe, I was just practicing to make sure that she's happy.
Halloween is a mysterious custom. You get tricked if you don't give out a treat...
Hehe... You shouldn't underestimate me. I'll be putting my all into this Halloween and dressing up!
Welcoming Rin's birthday makes me feel as happy as if it were my own for some reason. It's strange.
Hehe, seeing Rin's smile makes me happy as well. Rin, happy birthday!
Huh? Santa takes out presents from a huge warehouse and puts them into big stockings...?
What a delicious Christmas cake... Kotori, I'm going to end up overeating at this rate...!
Do you have any regrets left from this year? Hehe, let's do our best next year too.
This year is about to end. Will you continue to stay with me next year... no, from now on?
Happy New Year. They say that New Year's Day is the key of the year, so don't spend it doing nothing.
「あけおめ」……？　大切な言葉は省略せずに伝えましょう。あけましておめでとうございます！
Happy birthday, Hanayo. I made rice balls today since you taught me how to.
今日は花陽の誕生日です。何事にも真面目に取り組む花陽ですから、素敵な一年になるでしょうね
Here, take these roasted beans. Demons won't come near you if you have them!
恵方巻きを食べるときは、目を閉じて願い事をするようですよ。ふふ、何をお願いしましょうか？
What is "friendship chocolate"...? It's another term I don't know...
あっ……あ、ああのっ！　チョコレートを作ったんです。よかったら……食べていただけますか？
You want me to be the Emperor doll? Sure, I don't mind. I'll be sure to properly look over the dolls.
今日は桃の節句です。古くから伝わる行事を大切にすることが、日々の楽しみにもつながりますね
It's White Day, so here's some friendship candy. ...Huh? That term doesn't exist?
チョコのお返し！？　そんなお構いなく……！　あの……嬉しいです。ありがとうございます……♪
Being able to welcome my birthday every year like this makes me happy. Let's have another great year together.
誕生日がこんなに嬉しいものだなんて……　ふふ、周りに大切な仲間がいるからですね
It's finally the day of our concert... I want to give it everything I have so that it will be the best one we've put on so far.
The skirts for our outfits today are really short... But it's okay. I said I'd do it, so I'll do my best!
We're throwing a birthday party for Maki, so even if she comes to the music room, don't let her in, okay?
I'm it again...!? Geez... Everyone's getting so carried away just because it's Children's Day.
