Happy birthday, Nozomi. You always see through everything I try to do and surprise me... but I don't hate you for that.
Did you make a wish for Tanabata? I already did, but... it's embarrassing so I'm not telling.
Rin, I know that you're excited about Tanabata... but aren't you making way too many good weather charms?
Happy birthday. Nico-chan, you can get annoying at times, but... it feels like there's something missing when you're not there.
...Nico Nico Nii. I really don't want to do this... but I'll make an exception just for today.
Happy birthday, Kotori. ♪ Despite how you seem, you're really level-headed... and an indispensable part of µ's.
Today's your birthday, isn't it, Kotori? ♪ We're holding a party for you, so don't head home just yet, okay?
Today's the Mid-Autumn Festival. How about we read The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter under the moonlight?
Nico-chan... You're not trying to make others believe that you're Princess Kaguya, are you?
Eli, hurry on over to the music room. ♪ I wrote a birthday song for you since it's your birthday today.
Today's Eli's birthday. You didn't forget, did you? ...Hehe, good!
Trick or Treat. ♪ I'll play a trick on you if you don't give me candy.
Rin always makes more work for me, but I actually quite like that... Happy birthday!
Come on, don't start singing the birthday song on your own. It's something that's supposed to contain our feelings for you, Rin.
Santa won't come to bad kids on Christmas, you know, so make sure you behave yourself. ♪
Eli's Santa this year? Hehe. It's cute how excited she is for it. ♪
Because everyone else was here for me, this year was pretty fun. Make sure you watch over me next year too, okay?
Wouldn't it be fun if µ's had a countdown concert? I don't think everyone would be able to stay awake for it though.
Happy New Year... It's a holiday so it's fine to sleep in, you know.
Happy New Year♪　What kind of year will we go through this year.
Happy birthday, Hanayo. ♪ Today's party can't start without you. ♪
Hehe, there is cream by Hanayo's mouth. I am glad you are happy with your birthday cake♪
Today's Setsubun, isn't it? Everyone's trying so hard to drive demons away... but what if there are nice ones out there?
ね、見て。節分の豆を入れる箱。かわいいでしょ？　花陽と一緒に千代紙で折ったのよ♪
Here, chocolate. It's small... but I didn't skimp on the feelings.
バレンタインデーにチョコをあげるなんて、恥ずかしくない？　……バレちゃうじゃない。色々
I only like the two imperial dolls. Isn't just having the two of them enough?
穂乃果……ひなまつりと節分が混ざってきてない？　今日はひなまつり。それくらい覚えなさいよね
Don't you think Valentine's Day and White Day are just days for getting candy?
え、ホワイトデーのお菓子？……もらっていいの？　恥ずかしいけど……でも、ありがと
Happy birthday, Umi. I really love... the lyrics you write.
うっみうっみ……って、私にまでやらせないでよ！　私は私のやり方で海未の誕生日をお祝いするの
The concert's starting soon... It'll be fine. Everyone's been practicing for this day.
Am I not nervous before a concert? Of course I am... but it's overwhelmed by the happiness of being able to see everyone.
Today's my birthday. Did you remember? ...Hehe, that makes me happier than any present.
Children's Day? It's got nothing to do with me... Hey, stop pulling. I'm not interested in hide-and-seek~!
