Nozomi-chan, happy birthday. ♪ It's all because of you that µ's is the way it is now. ♪
I folded origami to pray that Orihime-sama and Hikoboshi-sama will meet. ♪ I even made a wreath of flowers so that they'd be easy to hang.
I'm staring at a constellation chart... Umm, this is Vega, so Altair is...
N-Nico Nico Nii... ♪ Ehe! Nico-chan, happy birthday. ♪ Let's keep having some great times together.
I used a lot of strawberries and pink cream... to make a birthday cake that's just like you, Nico-chan. ♪
We're throwing a birthday party for Kotori-chan today. ♪ I chose a cake for her that's cute like she is.
It's Kotori-chan's birthday, so even the alpaca is in high spirits today. ♪ I'm so glad that we can all celebrate it together!
Decorations with zebra grass are put up on Mid-Autumn Festival to pray for a successful crop of rice plants. I'm putting some up too!
Hehe, we bought manjuu from Honoka-chan's place... We're all ready to go moon viewing!
I practiced singing the birthday song for Eli-chan a lot. I'll do my best today!
Happy! Birthday! Hehe, yay! I managed to congratulate Eli-chan!
Today's Halloween. I brought a lot of candy with me so that I won't get tricked...!
Wah, Nozomi-chan! I'll share my candy with you, so spare me the breast rubs...!
Happy birthday, Rin-chan. Make sure you stay with me forever, okay...? ♪
Rin-chan... ♡ Your birthday is a really important day to me!
I prepared a really big stocking for today! I wonder if Santa will laugh at me for being too greedy...
Christmas is an important day, isn't it? I'm glad that I'm able to spend it with you.
Thank you for all your help this year...! I hope you'll keep supporting µ's next year too. ♪
I always try to stay awake on New Year's Eve until the start of the new year, but I've failed every time... *yawn*~
Happy New Year. ♪ Right now, I'm debating how many mochi I want in my soup...
Ehh, ehh... I wonder if these New Year's bags really do bring good luck.... uhh, what should I do....?
It's my birthday today. It makes me feel really happy when people congratulate me. ♪
Hey! Today is my birthday..... So, let's feast in these sweets like vikings!
Wah...! I thought you were supposed to throw these beans more gently on Setsubun. U-Uu... Someone save me~!
えへ……今年は自分で炒り豆を作ったんだ。味見してみる？　あ、まだ熱いからふーふーしておくね
Here, Rin-chan. I made some chocolate for today. ♪
美味しいチョコレートが出来ました！　たくさん食べて、たくさん幸せなバレンタインにしようね♪
The mochi that gets put up on display with the dolls really reminds me of spring and are beautiful. Not to mention, they look delicious...
今日は桃の節句です。女の子のお祝いだから、私もいつもより女の子らしい振る舞いをしたいな
Ehehe, I got candy from Rin-chan... ♪
えっ！　チョコレートのお返し、もらっていいの？　う、嬉しいな……もったいなくて食べられないかも
It's Umi-chan's birthday, so I folded an origami version of her face. ♪ How does it look?
海未ちゃんってね、剣道も弓道もお勉強も作詞も出来て、しかも美少女なの！！えへっ、すごいよね……♡
*inhale* *exhale*, *inhale* *exhale*... Our concert's today. I'm so nervous!
The concert's about to start! I hope that everyone will be able to feel how much fun we're having...!
We're having a birthday party for Maki-chan today. ♪ I hope she likes it... I have to do my best to prepare!
Kashiwa mochi are so delicious... ♪ Once we're done eating, let's all to sing the Koinobori song together.
