Happy birthday, Nozomi. ...We see each other every day, so this is kind of embarrassing.
What'd you wish for for Tanabata? Let me take a peek... Geez, all I wanted was a peek. Spoilsport.
"I wish for Nico-nii's galactic cuteness to reach the Milky Way..." ♡
Today's Nico-nii's birthday ~nico! ♪ Now repeat after me, okay? ♪ Nico Nico Nii! ☆
Huh... A present for me? ...I'm so happy!
We're having a birthday party for Kotori today. Let's make it one that doesn't lose to her cuteness. ☆
Kotori, today's your birthday so make sure you show everyone how cute you are. ♪
A unhappy, beautiful girl who has to return to the moon on the Mid-Autumn Festival... I think I might just fit the role of Princess Kaguya perfectly. ♪
Nico-nii has to bring salvation to the people of Earth through Love Nico, so I can't return to the moon... Sorry.
Nozomi and I decorated the cake that Kotori baked. I hope Eli likes it.
Happy birthday, Eli. You understand how I feel even if I don't say anything to you. I'm grateful for that.
Halloween ~nico! ☆ Everyone will naturally want to give candy to the cute Nico-nii! ☆
No~ Nico-nii is a cute and fragile girl, so I just can't stand ghosts~!
Hey, have you seen Rin anywhere? It's her birthday... so I wanted to wish her happy birthday as soon as possible.
Happy birthday, Rin! Kotori and I designed a skirt that would fit you perfectly. ♪
Hey! Wake up! You'll miss the moment when Santa comes if you're asleep~
Merry Christmas ~nico! ♪ Nico-nii's brilliance grows even brighter on the holy night... ☆
Nico-nii sure shined this past year. I'll make sure to shine even more brightly next year...!
It's already New Year's Eve, huh? Was this past year that you spent together with me... fun?
Happy New Year. Let's have another great year together... Do you want to go to our first shrine visit of the year together?
Happy New Years☆　Let's go to the shrine and spread my New Year's cuteness to everyone♪
Happy birthday, Hanayo. I have high hopes for the school idol Koizumi Hanayo. ♪
What day is it today? Being the star of μ's, you can't say that you don't know Hanayo Koizumi's birthday♪
I know you're supposed to scatter beans today, so why does Nozomi have fish and leaves wrapped around her head!?
鬼だって、もしかしたらにこにーのファンかもしれないわ。にこにーはあらゆる可能性を探すにこっ
Today's Valentine's Day ~nico! ♪ I'll be waiting for everyone's love-filled chocolates ~nico! ☆
普段はにこにーがチョコをもらう側なんだけど。気が向いたから、あなたにはチョコあげるわ
Make sure you put the dolls away right after the Doll Festival ends. Otherwise... bad things will happen.
当然にこにーもお雛様の主役だけど……やっぱりかわいいかわいい妹たちが一番の主役かも♪
Today's White Day ~nico! ♪ I'll be waiting for everyone's love-filled candies ~nico! ☆
ホワイトデーのお返し？　嬉しいけど……いらない。だって、にこがあげたくてあげただけだもんっ
Umi Umi Uu~ ♪ Today's Umi's birthday ~umi! ♪
海未へのプレゼントは扇子にしたわ。海未はね、日本舞踊で桜の花びらが舞うみたいに踊るのよ♪
Everyone came to today's concert to see Nico-nii. I can't wait to see everyone too ~nico! ♪
I'll be doing my best to make sure this is the best concert µ's has ever put on. You better be cheering for us.
Happy birthday, Maki-chan. µ's is only so good because our songs are so good... Thanks.
Children's Day? Hmm, it has nothing to do with me... What's with that look on your face?
