No~zo~mi~chan! Happy birthday! ♪ I want to keep playing with you lots~
The Milky Way is like a river of stars, right? I want to see it too... ☆
I made lots of charms wishing for good weather. It's better if it's clear on Tanabata after all.
Nico Nico Nii! ☆ Today's Nico-chan's birthday ~nico. ♪ Let's all Nico Nico Nii!
Happy birthday, Nico-chan! Let's keep playing together a lot. ♪
Kotori-chan's a princess today! I made her a crown that says "Happy birthday! ♪"
Happy birthday, Kotori-chan! I really look up to you since you're as cute as a princess.
Maki-chan said that today's the Mid-Autumn Festival. Hmm, the moon looks like the yolk of a hard-boiled egg...
Honoka-chan! I'll help out at Homura too, so let's go moon viewing together with everyone after! ♪
Kayochin and Maki-chan are going to sing a birthday song together with me for Eli-chan. ♪ I hope she likes it~
Happy birthday, Eli-chan! Meow~ I love you, Eli-chan~
I'll play a trick on those who don't give me candy, but I'll pet those who do~
Grrmeow! It's Halloween today so I've transformed into a phantom kitty!
Oh right, it's my birthday today! Time to get everyone to sing me Happy Birthday! ♪
Happy birthday, Rin-chan~ ♪ Ehehe... I'm so happy that I'm singing happy birthday to myself~
Haa~ I can't go on... Staying awake until Santa gets here is impossible for me...
Wah! ♪ Nozomi-chan, you're so cute in your reindeer costume. ♪ Can I pet you on the head...?
Instead of New Year's soba... would New Year's ramen work? Ehehe, then let's get started! ♪
The year's already over, but I'm not feeling lonely at all since everyone's with me~ ♪
Happy New Year! ♪ I'll be full of energy this year too! I'll start off with having lots of mochi soup~!
あれ～？　かよちん、まだ福袋買うか迷ってるの？？　早く決めて凛と初詣に行こうよ～っ
Kayochin! It's your birthday today, so it's your turn to be in the spotlight. ♪
誰よりもかわいいかよちん、お誕生日おめでとっ♪　今年もたくさんかわいいかよちんが見たいにゃ～
Are you only allowed to eat as many beans as your age on Setsubun~? I wish I could be a hundred years old, just for today!
むぐむぐ……　むぐむぐ……　恵方巻きを食べてるときは、しゃべったらダメなんだって！
I bought some kitty chocolate to eat with everyone. ♪ This is apparently called "friendship chocolate"!
えへへ……　二人でチョコレート食べてると、なんだか気持ちがふわふわしてきちゃう
It's cute how the display holding the dolls has a small chest underneath~ ♪
希ちゃーん、ちらし寿司ケーキってろうそく必要かなあ？　9本立てて、一人ずつ消してみる？？
Ehehe... Kayochin, here's some candy as my return gift for Valentine's Day.
バレンタインデーのお返し？　じゃあ、一緒におやつ食べに行こうよ♪　ラーメンでもいいよ♪
Heave, ho... This is Umi-chan's birthday cake. She doesn't know about it yet though.
扇子にバースデーメッセージ書いてるんだ♪　海未ちゃん、日舞のお稽古で使ってくれるかなあ？
Today's the concert, huh...? I'm happy, but nervous at the same time. I'm going to go for a run before it starts.
Meow meow meow~ ♪ The µ's concert is about to start!
Happy birthday, Maki-chan! ♪ I absolutely love your piano playing. ♪
Today's Children's Day, so we're all playing hide-and-seek together~
