*Laugh* I've never worn a costume like this before. I wonder if Mito and Shima will be surprised.
It's fun to wear costumes with a darker vibe every now and then. The design's cute, too. I really like it!
I'm a little devil today, so I'm gonna trick you. Heh heh heh, what kind of prank should I play?
I never feel confident wearing cute clothes, but I really like this outfit. It's nice to dress up sometimes.
When I'm with the other members, I feel up for challenging anything. That must mean I find them reassuring.
You said this suits me, so I'm feeling more confident. I wonder what kinda costume I should try next.
When I wear clothes that aren't my usual style, I get a little nervous. It feels like I'm wearing a costume.
Hanamaru and I were looking up stuff about fashion in the library. Fashion history is really interesting!
I'm gonna wear this costume and transform into a little devil. I hope I can show off a different side of me.
When the seasons change, it makes me want to try out new fashion. Let me style you, too!
Tonight's dance has a devilish feel to it. Maybe I'll look for you in the audience and lock on to you.
Were you thinking of me just now? *Giggle* Little devil Mari can see right through you.
When I put on an outfit, I try to behave in a way that matches it. Am I pulling it off well, little demon?
Today's costume is supposed to be devilish. It's time for Yohane to unveil the dark magic she's been hiding.
Yohane will teach you how to behave like a little demon. Come, we'll begin by falling from grace together.
Camouflage helps you blend in with nature, right? I wonder if it makes animals like you, too.
I will protect you! That didn't sound convincing since you're usually the one watching over me. *Giggle*
I've got your back, partner! *Giggle* I've heard that line in a movie before and wanted to try it out.
Camouflage can supposedly help you hide in plain sight. I should test it out in front of the members.
A common Japanese food ration is canned red bean rice. I wonder why they don't use regular white rice.
I'll be brave so that I can protect you! So you be brave and protect me too, okay?
I'm the captain today! Make sure you follow my orders, okay?
I wanna swim in this costume, but it'd be a shame to get it wet.
Hanayo is gonna try making a tropical meal for us. It already smells amazing.
The mountain is calling us. Now then, let's gather our equipment and head out. That summit is ours!
Wearing a swimsuit-style costume makes me want to swim. Do you think I can get in the water in this?
It's kind of hot today. Would you like to soak your feet in the pool with me? It should help cool us down.
Having everyone celebrate my birthday made me so happy. I wanna share this happiness with you!
Getting to spend time with μ's and you means so much to me. Let's make this a fun day!
I made a cheesecake! It's my birthday, but I wanted you to eat it too!
I took Yoshiko's advice when picking out this outfit. I'm still a little embarrassed in it. Do I look okay?
In Aqours, we switch up our costumes often. Today's is quite lovely, too. I like it a lot.
The melodies that come to me today are a little different than usual. They have a dark yet sweet tone.
When we shop for clothes together, we always discover new things. I could get used to this sort of outfit.
The base color is chic, but I also made sure it has a cute little devil-vibe. What do you think?
I love making new costumes, but showing them on stage for the first time is one of the best feelings, too.
Trying on new clothes is very exciting. This is a refreshing change from my usual style.
We tried changing up our costumes and dance to suit this performance. I hope you enjoy the show.
Thinking up choreography that matches the song and costume is not only fun, it helps me notice new things.
I'm trying to learn how to act when wearing this sort of outfit, zura. Maybe I should copy Yoshiko, zura.
Ruby and I did some research on our costumes at the library together, zura. Fashion is so interesting, zura.
Yoshiko invited me to descend from the stage with her, zura. I'm nervous, zura.
Since this is a birthday live show, I'm practicing playing a birthday-themed song. Would you sing with me?
The stage for a birthday live show really is extra special, huh? I'm so excited, my heart is going to burst!
Presents don't always have to be physical objects. For example, a birthday wish from you is a great present!
Everyone surprised me by singing happy birthday! I was over the moon!
Today's stage is unbelievable. There's a huge birthday cake on it and everything. I can't wait to show you!
I'm nervous for my birthday live show, but I want everyone to see how much I've grown. I'll do my Rubesty!
Just looking at our new costumes is super exciting. It's so much fun!
When my little dragon grows older, I wanna climb on its back and fly through the sky! You should come, too.
Fantasy worlds are amazing. I wish we could all fly off to one together.
Maybe it's because Yoshiko's dream sounded so real, but I keep having strange dreams. Wait, you are, too?
I hope I can portray the world we imagined through my song. I'll play with all my heart.
I feel like the world we imagined really exists somewhere out there. I wish we could explore it together.
*Giggle* It tickles! Walking barefoot is a completely different sensation, so it feels really fresh and new.
You know, you're kinda like the tree of Yggdrasil. Thank you for always supporting me.
I wanna be like the tree of Yggdrasil that inspired this costume and offer you lots of support.
My costume and Ruby's are both modeled after the sun. Please look forward to our sisterly dance performance.
When I see Ruby's dazzling smile, I feel as if I'm staring at the sun.
I want to dance with a smile as radiant as the sun and make everyone happy.
A ship zipping through a never-ending sea of clouds! *Laugh* Just picturing it is getting me hyped.
A ship sailing on the ocean suddenly takes off into the sky! Yup, Yoshiko's dream never gets old!
Do you remember the special task I gave you? That's right, to follow me wherever I go! I'm counting on you.
Now then, offer your pure blood to Yohane, and we shall form a jet-black pact.
Be wary at twilight. You may witness creatures that are not of this world.
With the power of vampires and fallen angels procured, Yohane fears nothing! Follow me, little demon.
The world Yoshiko presented felt so real. I'd love to go.
Wearing this costume makes me feel like I can jump right into a fantasy world, zura.
I'll bring you to the world I'm imagining right now, zura. Close your eyes, and listen to my voice, zura.
Want to go on a night walk with me? I'll take you to a secret spot.
It's starting to rain, so come under my parasol. I'll get you home safe and dry.
You can see different things depending on if it's day or night. I want to show you lots of new sights.
I feel like I can dance better than usual. Is it because I'm wearing a dancer's costume?
Dia told me the sun seems happy when I'm dancing. *Giggle* I'm really glad.
I'll try my Rubesty today with a smile as bright as the sun!
Mu, ha, ha. The chosen one, the fallen angel Yohane, has descended!
You want the fallen angel Yohane's divine protection, don't you? Then make a pact with Yohane and descend!
It is time for Yohane to unleash her singing voice! Let your soul resound at the same time, my little demon.
Time to go exploring! I can't wait to see what kinds of treasures we'll find.
I love summer. I wish summer break could last forever.
Summer nights have a special way of making me feel nostalgic. Maybe it's because I was born in the summer?
Sometimes it's fun to act like a kid again. Seeing everyone enjoying themselves raises my spirits, too.
I set up a little party area next to the pool. I think it'll put us in a tropical mood.
Are you thirsty? I prepared some colorful tropical sodas. Let's go drink some together.
There are a lot more yummy veggies in autumn. The season of tasty mikan oranges is almost here, too!
Riko and I tried to come up with a song that will make people love veggies. Sing along with us, okay?
The taste and texture of veggies change a lot depending on how they're cooked. How do you like them best?
Look at all the delicious vegetables we picked. Talk about a huge haul.
Slow-roasted vegetables taste so good. I feel like I can eat way more than usual when I'm at a barbecue.
When I have this many vegetables, it's hard to decide what to make. What are you in the mood for?
The veggies around me really make it feel like a harvest. It's the season for food, so let's eat lots, zura!
Yoshiko's all hyped after harvesting, and is planning new fallen angel recipes, zura. I'm interested, zura.
The farmers taught me how to pick out fresh vegetables, zura. Grocery shopping's going to be a lot more fun.
Fall veggies taste better if you cook them slowly. You can really taste their sweetness.
This farm barbecue is such a fun, new experience. If we run out of veggies, wanna come pick more?
I received a lot of veggies to bring home. Would you rather split them with me now or after I cook them?
These salts I brought will let us enjoy the taste of the fresh vegetables in different ways. Let's try them.
The potatoes Dia prepared are really tasty. Here, try a bite.
Autumn is a season of harvest and a season for eating, so we have to enjoy it to the fullest. Let's go!
*Giggle* Look at all this candy I got. Which one should I eat first?
You want to play a prank? Hmm, I guess I can play along for a bit. Go on, then.
They say on Halloween, monsters are hiding among all the children in costumes. How can we tell them apart?
You should brush your teeth after eating Halloween candy so you don't get cavities.
You don't have any treats, so it's time for a trick! *Giggle* What should I do to you?
I'm not afraid of monsters, but costumes that look like they're straight out of a horror movie can be scary.
Hey, want to show each other our notes? I want to see what you wrote.
Alisa and I have a study date planned. Want to come along? *Chuckle* I think it'd make Alisa very happy.
It's fun discovering new things about each other even though we're together a lot. I want to know even more.
You should review your notes at home every night. Focus a bit each day, and it'll become a habit in no time.
Teaching others is actually a good way to learn, so feel free to ask me any questions you have.
It's easy to broaden your knowledge if you find studying fun. It's good to show interest in everything.
I'm gonna pull an all-nighter tonight! Well, that's the plan, but I always end up falling asleep. Hah.
Studying with people is a lot of fun. Will you study with me, too?
We're having a group study session after practice. Oh, maybe studying in this costume will make me a genius!
We gathered so many tasty-looking vegetables. I can't decide what to cook with them.
I cooked with all my might to make you love vegetables. Please enjoy.
These vegetables grown with loving care have a delicious and gentle flavor. Mmm, they're incredible.
I sense the goddess of agriculture Ceres. Mu, ha, ha. The harvests shall be bountiful this autumn.
I'm brainstorming new fallen angel recipes. You look like you can't wait to try them, little demon.
The fallen angel Yohane's harvest festival shall begin. Come now, use your skills to awaken the crops.
Picking vegetables is fun. I'm interested in growing my own vegetable garden now.
Even vegetables you dislike look good when you pick them yourself. Maybe because it's such a fun experience?
Perhaps I'll give green peppers another chance. I think I can eat them if you cheer me on.
I was able to pick lots of my favorite, potatoes! I'll try my Rubesty when cooking them, so eat lots, okay?
I love everything my sister cooks because it's all so tasty. Cooking is like magic, don't you think?
Maybe I'll try growing veggies, too. I'll talk to them every day and ask them to be yummy.
Birthday mornings feel really magical. According to Nozomi, my luck couldn't be better today!
Nothing means more to me than spending my birthday with you and µ's. Let's make it a harasho birthday!
I've really been looking forward to hearing you say happy birthday. Thank you for all that you do for me.
Phantom thieves might be bad people, but they're always dressed so stylishly and look really cool.
I want to find a way to keep everyone from being sad!
I'm not afraid of any traps, but watchdogs on the other hand... I-I might be okay if it's a small dog.
*Giggle* Do you think you can catch me? I'm confident when it comes to tag or hide-and-seek.
The valuable treasure that phantom thief Mari is after is your heart. *Giggle* Just kidding!
If you want to catch a phantom thief, you need to be able to read their heart. Can you see what's in mine?
I'm having a study party with Maki and Rin today. We're going to get a lot of studying done!
I hear interesting things about rice from various regions during the new crop season. They all seem tasty!
*Sigh* Rice is so fascinating. I want to learn more about it and cook even more delicious rice!
We're playing basketball in PE class tomorrow. Scoring a basket feels amazing!
They say being interested in something you like is a form of studying. That'd be a quick way to learn!
All kinds of things can be researched in this world. If I could research anything, I'd choose ramen!
This nice warm weather's like a birthday present from the sun. I bet today's gonna be another awesome day!
I got a surprise present from the other members of µ's. Everyone is so nice. I love them!
Birthdays are super exciting 'cause it feels like anything could happen. You hafta celebrate with me, okay?
We created a steampunk world together. Wanna help us with Chika's cardboard steampunk town?
I tried my hand at new choreography because I wanted our dance to feel futuristic. Look forward to it, okay?
Our live show is about to start. Are you prepared to have the time of your life? *Chuckle* I'm all ready.
I tried transforming my office into a steampunk world. Want to immerse yourself in this world with me?
I'm reading a sci-fi book that Dia and Kanan recommended. It helped expand my imagination for today's show.
Today's show is very exciting and will make a huge impact. I might even end up seeing it in my dreams.
Hanamaru and I have been reading a lot of science fiction books. Each and every world is so wonderful!
Dia worked the story I came up with into the choreography. I want you to try to guess which part it's in.
Today, I'm inviting you to the steampunk world we made up. Come with me!
Sci-fi worlds are fascinating, zura. A world made from the imaginations of many. I want to go to one, zura!
It's fun trying to show off this world we created, zura. I want to keep doing this sort of thing.
I jumped straight out of a steampunk world today, zura. I want you to become part of this world, too.
Chika's drive is really something else. She made an entire steampunk town out of cardboard!
When I ask Chika her opinion on the costumes, she always says she likes them all. It makes me really happy.
Let's depart to Aqours' steampunk world! We'll hop on the steam locomotive and go full speed ahead! Aye aye!
Even if we can't speak their language, we must help those in need. Let's do whatever we can to help.
Even if I get lost at our destination, I have faith that you'll find me. Okay?
When traveling abroad, it's a relief to be around people who speak the same language as me.
Suitcases need to be big and sturdy for travel. That makes them a little harder to carry, though.
Even if someone talks to me in a foreign language, I think I can be brave if you're by my side.
I think anywhere would be more fun with two people instead of one.
When I start looking into something, I become even more interested. No amount of research time is enough.
The best snack when studying is one of Honoka's family's sweet buns. Wouldn't you agree?
I can focus more clearly when studying with you. Let's work hard a little longer.
I'm filling out these worksheets that Nozomi and Eli made, but the questions are pretty difficult.
This costume looks pretty good on me, right? I feel like I can solve any tough problem if I'm wearing this.
I'll cast a spell on you that will make studying more fun. Now stay focused!
A lot of different sounds came to me when I saw Chika's steampunk town. It was wonderful.
Thinking about an imaginary world is very fun. I hope we can convey how much fun we have.
I hope listening to our new song makes you feel like you're in our steampunk world. Look forward to it!
We're trying to come up with a steampunk world with Aqours influences. It really fosters our imagination.
I tried incorporating the story Ruby came up with into our dance. It's very heartwarming to watch.
I truly hope you enjoy the steampunk show that we came up with.
Welcome to the fallen angel Yohane's steel fortress. Now then, allow my automaton to escort you to Yohane.
It's easy to bring imaginary worlds to life with Yohane's magic eye. Let's fly to it with our ebony wings.
Welcome to the imaginary world created by Aqours. I almost feel like I can hear the cheers of little demons.
It's awesome that we can make an entire world with just our imaginations! I hope I can with my lyrics, too.
You designed some amazing costumes for us again. I can't wait to stand on stage in them!
I'm gonna invite you to the imaginary world we created. I think it's gonna be a really fun show!
Could a masquerade ball mask really hide someone's identity?
If I wore a mask to hide who I was, would you be able to tell it was me right away?
It might be surprisingly fun to become a version of myself that isn't me, every now and then.
Anyone who sees the face beneath this mask will descend and become Yohane's little demon.
You're probably one of the few people who can notice the dark presence that Yohane is trying to conceal.
Wearing a mask can turn you into a different version of yourself. I wonder what kind of me I'll become.
School idols all shine so brightly. It's really amazing!
I'd love to get to know everyone in Aqours more. Oh, maybe we could train then have a sleepover sometime?!
A joint performance between μ's and Aqours... What will our next one be like? I can't wait to see!
I became a school idol because of μ's. I hope we can find a way for Aqours to shine on our own, too...
I got a picture with Honoka! *Laugh* I couldn't help bragging to you about it!
I wish this joint performance between μ's and Aqours could last forever. We could totally get lost in it!
How much you study equates to how much strength you'll gain. I want to study and practice as hard as I can.
It's fun studying with everyone because I notice more things. Honoka's questions are always spot on.
We made plans to study together after our costume fitting. Would you like to come study with us?
All done reviewing today's lessons. Let's start preparing for tomorrow's lessons now.
You need to know lots of things when fortune-telling, so studying is important. I find it fun, though!
Studying with others is a good way to stay motivated. I think the two of us have a really good dynamic.
Hanamaru sounds so lovely when singing hymns. I want to play the piano the next time she sings one.
I wanted our new song for the live show to be my gift to everyone. Did those feelings reach your heart, too?
If it snowed, could we consider it a gift from Santa Claus up in the sky?
Christmas is finally here, zura. I've prepared so many sweets for today! Here you go!
Merry Christmas, zura! I'll sing a special hymn just for you today, okay?
Ruby gave me a Christmas picture book, zura. It's full of pop-ups and other exciting gimmicks!
The town is so shiny around Christmas! Let's go shop for presents together.
I'm Santa Claus today. Wish for anything you want, and I'll make it come true!
Christmas night always feels so special. The party is just beginning!
Doesn't this costume remind you of a Christmas tree? I want you to decorate it with your presents!
Santa Claus is amazing! I can't believe I get to be Santa. It's so exciting!
Oh, you're wearing red. Did you decide to be Santa, too? Awesome!
Oh, it's snowing. Yoshiko said she'd make it a white Christmas for us. It looks like she really did it.
I wonder if we'll see a shooting star while stargazing. If we do, it'll be like a present from the sky.
Huh? Are you cold? Why don't I hug you to warm you up?
Having a cheery Christmas with everyone is fun, but spending it peacefully with someone can be nice, too.
I hope that I can spend a happy Christmas with everyone. Merry Christmas!
I get so nervous when I'm cutting cake slices. Is there some sort of trick to it?
There are a lot of events around Christmas, so it's hard to decide which ones to take part in.
Merry Christmas. I hope I can have a fun Christmas with everyone next year and the year after, too!
I want to ride in a sleigh pulled by reindeer, but it'd be fun to ride on their backs, too. Just kidding!
It is important to brace both mind and body during this cold season.
As long as you're with us, I don't think I nor the others will succumb to the cold.
Are you feeling alright? It's easy to get sick this time of year, so please tell me if anything's wrong.
Oof, it's so cold. At times like this, I really want some warm rice.
I feel like the rice I eat with you tastes warmer and yummier than usual.
I made some delicious rice, so why don't we sit at the kotatsu table and eat together?
You're not dressed warm enough at all. Here, you can borrow my gloves.
As long as you're with me, I don't think I need any gloves.
I, um, forgot my gloves. Do you think we could hold hands?
There were cute sweets inside the stocking I hung next to my bed. Santa Claus must have paid me a visit!
Did our all-out performance reach your heart? *Chuckle* Thank you very much!
I learned a choir hymn from Hanamaru. Would you be interested in hearing it?
Chika kept doing that joke where she pulled her hat straight up. Did you see it already?
There are many ways to spend Christmas. Thinking about how I'd spend it with someone makes my heart pound.
Thanks to you, it was a super fun Christmas! Here you go! This present is from me.
I'm going to put cute sweets in the stocking next to my sister's bed. I'm going to be Santa!
I really look up to Santa Claus. I want to be like Santa and give everyone lots of smiles!
If you're good, you might just get a visit from Santa Claus. I can be your Santa.
Snow spirits in the sky, I command you. In the name of the fallen angel Yohane, descend with me right now!
The hymns Zuramaru sings always take me back. Maybe they remind me of when Yohane was an angel.
Come now, tell me what you desire. The fallen angel Yohane herself shall grant your wishes.
Why do you think staring into the candlelight feels so calming?
I hope the holy light and my prayers for happiness reach you.
It's a little dim with only the candlelight. *Giggle* It gives the room a nice ambience, huh?
I love seeing candlelight in the darkness. It's like a lighthouse, guiding the ships to the harbor.
If I'm ever lost, I hope you'll shine a light for me and tell me where to go.
If you lose sight of your path, you can always retrace your steps.
Studying, student council, and school idol club. All three of those things are very important to me.
You're busy too, right? You should take a break every now and then.
Through hard times and fun times, Nozomi is always by my side.
It's starting to get cold. Maybe I'll make udon noodles for dinner.
Are you tired? Shall I let you relax your mind and body?
A hot springs bath will bring us good fortune on our next trip! That's what my cards are telling me.
Zuramaru and I have a deep bond that goes beyond this life to our previous ones. Heh, this is Yohane's fate.
Mu, ha, ha. So you want to lure the fallen angel Yohane to sleep? I shall summon a suitable pillow.
Hot springs baths feel incredible. Such a dreamy feeling that could make me ascend. *Gasp* That was close!
Drinks taste extra delicious after reading in a hot springs bath, zura! This one's for you, Yoshiko.
A relaxing bath followed by a huge feast. This must be paradise, zura!
Yoshiko is actually a kind angel. There are traces of it left in her even after she descended, zura.
Going to the park and running around together would probably warm us up.
*Giggle* It's really warm when we hold each other tight.
Let's go look for a tasty ramen shop! If we find one, it should really warm us up.
*Sigh* My fearsome beauty makes even the snowy landscape look dull in comparison.
It's nice looking at these beautiful snowy views together.
I-It's so cold. Hey! I'll let you warm up my hands for me, so give me your hands!
A birthday live show on New Year's Day can only signal the start of a year full of happiness.
I'm going to write down my resolutions for the new year. I assure you they will be powerful, weighty words.
I think my first dream of the new year will be about today's birthday live show. *Chuckle* You, too?
Greeting the new year in a kimono is so special. I can't wait to pound mochi and do other New Year's things!
Did you already read my New Year's card message? *Giggle* Invisible ink is so exciting.
I wanna deliver a year's worth of happiness to everyone who comes to our live show. I'll try my best!
When I think of New Year's Day, I think of kimonos, zura. My grandma helped me put this on.
My costume was inspired by the god of longevity. This
scroll's based on the Scroll of Life he carries, zura.
These costumes inspired by gods are very lucky, zura. I pray that you will live a long and healthy life.
A shiny kimono is the perfect way to start the new year. Let's make this another special year!
I bet Aqours' lucky combo of the seven lucky gods and celestial maidens will bring about many good things!
I'll bring tons of good fortune with this tiny magic mallet! I hope a shower of happiness rains down on you.
Go on, give the fallen angel Yohane a New Year's greeting. She shall bless your year with happiness.
Yohane is a fallen angel, but today, she will become one of the seven lucky gods. Don't call it a shtick!
I shall bestow Yohane and Saraswati's blessings upon you. Now, close your eyes, and entrust your body to me.
For a first shrine visit, I like a slightly flashy kimono. It's fun to match the sash and accessories, too.
These costumes seem really lucky, don't they? Ever since I made them, I keep getting new ideas.
My costume is actually the same as Riko's, just a different color. That's kind of unusual and nice, right?
Mochi's a real problem for me 'cause I can't stop eating it. Okay! I'll try one covered in soy powder next.
Wanna go on the first shrine visit of the year with me? We can pray and write our goals on wish plaques.
The first shrine visit, the first shopping trip... The start of the year is fun, but it's really crowded.
Don't get too carried away just because it's New Year's Day. That being said, we should loosen up a bit.
I look forward to another year of your friendship this year, and next year, and every year after.
The majority of New Year's cards sent to our house are for my dad, so I'm happy whenever I see one for me.
I-It's cold! Is it gonna snow or something?
I feel like it'll definitely snow during the live show if you're there!
I wore a ton of layers, so I'm ready no matter how cold it is!
My scarf is so long it can wrap around two people. Want to join me in it?
You look so cold. I'll warm you up!
I want you to see the snowman I made of you. I think it turned out really cute!
Thank you for celebrating my birthday with me. I'm so happy!
Because of you and the others, my birthday has become such a special day. Thanks for always being there!
After a birthday as fun as this, I feel like I'll even be with you in my dreams.
The kimono Ruby picked out for me is just my style. I like it very much.
I can't help but smile while wearing this costume. I think divine favor dwells within these costumes.
They say that good fortune comes to a home full of laughter. I'll be sure to have fun and always smile!
My sister picked out this kimono for me. She helped me put it on, too.
These costumes inspired by gods make me a little nervous, but I hope I can deliver happiness to everyone.
My costume today is designed after the god of longevity and happiness. I hope you live a long, happy life!
Dia suggested dressing up for New Year's Day and helped me put on a kimono. It looks pretty good, right?
Hanamaru did a lot of research on the seven lucky gods. See, she even organized the information for me.
Wearing these costumes at our first show of the year seems like a good omen. It'll be a success for sure.
I don't wear kimonos often, so it's nice to wear one on New Year's Day. It makes me feel prim and proper.
The melody came to my mind right away. Maybe my shrine visit prayer has already come true.
I tried to make a lucky song to match our costumes. Listening to it puts me in a very good mood.
Since becoming a school idol, every moment has felt magical. I'm so happy!
It's like I can use magic when I'm up on stage. I'll make sure you have a fun and happy time at the show!
I hope everyone is motivated to try their best after watching our performance!
It's really fun playing in the snow with everyone. Maybe I'll try making a snow sculpture next.
Did you see the choreography Kanan came up with? It makes us look like cute snow bunnies.
The sound of snow is clear and sparkly and really beautiful. I hope I can help you experience it as well.
I woke up early because I was so happy it snowed. I hope I can have a snowball fight with everyone.
The new song reminds me of little snow bunnies hopping around, so it makes my body move on its own.
Maybe it's because I still dive in the winter, but I don't get cold easily. I can hug you if you're cold.
*Snicker* I can tickle you a bunch if you're cold. It'll warm you up right away.
The first star of the night that I see with you is the prettiest!
What are you up to? Let's drink some warm black tea together.
*Stretch* This clear air feels so good.
I love the stillness of winter mornings, but spending the morning with you is lovely as well.
Let me know if you find any winter views. I'd love to go and see them with you.
Cats are really cute! I understand why everyone falls in love with them.
We're practicing how to be cats together. Everyone's so cute.
Meow, meow, meow! I'm Riko, meow... Are you sure this is okay?
Do you want your usual? *Chuckle* There are special sweets today, too. Wait right here.
The new song makes me feel like we're singing with cats. I think the cats like it, too.
This spoiled cat is really attached to me. Aww! I love you, too!
*Grunt* So heavy, zura. Oh, let me have some of those sweets, too, zura.
We're having a sweets party after the live show. Come enjoy all the chocolate you want with us.
My masterpiece is finally complete, zura! *Giggle* Will you taste it for me?
This cat loves fish treats. Try giving her one.
I tried to present a world of cats and chocolate with these costumes. Don't they look kind of tasty?
Did you remember that we're exchanging chocolates after the live show? Yay! I was looking forward to yours.
No, kitties! You can't eat chocolate!
If you imagine everyone's happy faces while making candy, it'll turn out really sweet and yummy.
Would you like some sweet chocolate and the melody of love? Eeek! This is too embarrassing after all.
Both giving and receiving Valentine's Day chocolates is fun.
Handing out chocolates isn't the only way to share your feelings with someone, but...please accept these.
Wouldn't it be nice if there was a day to exchange Japanese sweets like there is for Valentine's chocolates?
It'd be fun to hide a surprise inside of Valentine's chocolates like they do with king cake.
Want to try my chocolate? Here you go. Open wide! *Giggle* Is it good?
Chocolate tastes especially good when you're tired, don't you think? Oh, but be careful not to eat too much.
Only a school idol gets to perform in a live show on her birthday. Today, I'm front and center!
That birthday live show was out of this world. I just want to bask in this moment. Stay with me, okay?
Everything tastes better on my birthday. And since it's just after a show, I feel like I could eat it all!
Costumes and makeup can help you look pretty, but I think wanting to look pretty is also important.
I'll make you a costume that matches mine. *Giggle* I can't wait until it's done!
Maybe I should have made the costumes look more like magical girl outfits.
I don't know much about makeup, so I'm using this opportunity to learn about new products.
D-Don't compliment me so casually! I-It's embarrassing.
Maybe I could try researching how the others do their makeup.
There are soooo many makeup products that it's hard to choose.
I hope you like my look! It makes me feel kinda bashful when you compliment me, though.
I wanna go shopping with all of μ's! It'd be fun for sure!
This cat really loves to be held. She's always begging Kanan to cuddle her.
Ruby and I made Valentine's Day chocolates together. I think their taste will be to your liking.
There's a part during today's live show where we act like cats. I will try my best to look cute doing it.
The True Fallen Angel Drops made with Yohane's jet-black magic are almost complete. Do you dare to try them?
Black cat, my newest underling... In the name of the fallen angel Yohane, I hereby christen thee, Bastet.
Bastet is delighted to meet you, my little demon. The two of you shall become friends.
Not only do cats look perfect, their fickle personalities are very cute, too!
Here's an invite to a sweet show that's perfect for Valentine's! You might fall head over heels in love.
Let me guess. They're so cute you want to hug them? *Giggle* It's written all over your face.
Helping out is easy when there's a to-do list. *Giggle* I wonder if I can use this at home, too.
This costume inspired by chocolate and cats is so cute. You can pet me if you want!
It's Valentine's Day, so we're gonna sing with feelings of love for everyone. I hope our feelings reach you!
Old diner photos are so charming, zura. They make me feel like I've jumped straight into a movie.
Just looking at these bright candy-like colors is fun. It's like they're giving me their energy!
I can't believe such a lovely uniform was made from my diner fantasies. My heart is all aflutter, zura.
Hello. Welcome to Ruby's Diner! May I take your order?
This waitress-inspired costume is so cute, and it reminds me of pop art. Just wearing it is fun!
Hanamaru's fantasies gave me a lot of ideas for these costumes. They're super cute!
This costume is really fluffy and feels nice to touch. Try feeling it yourself!
We combined my chicken fried rice and Rin's omelet to make omelet rice. Let's eat it together!
It'd be so much fun if we could meet in our dreams. I want to visit a world that's cute as cotton candy.
Listen up. I'm about to undergo a huge transformation. You'd better not miss it!
*Giggle* Looks like you're at a loss for words because I'm so cute. You can look at me even more, you know.
I need to share how cute I look in this costume with everyone else!
When I was little, I always dreamed of being able to use magic. Is there some way I'd really be able to?
I'll use my magic to make you even prettier! *Giggle* Just kidding!
Don't these costumes look like cute magical girl outfits? I wonder how the other μ's members look.
Just looking at flowers can put you in a good mood, don't you think? I want to be the same way.
Did you know Riko can also play the harp?! She played the most magical melody for me.
I heard these costumes and accessories inspired Hanamaru to write a story. Let's go ask her about it later!
I shall give you a special look at the round dance of Yohane and the butterflies.
This costume reminiscent of the world of illusion is perfect for Yohane. My spirits are also delighted.
Spirits far and wide, give Yohane your power! We shall use the darkness to pierce through the light at last!
These flowers make me feel like spring is coming. If I listen closely, maybe I can hear spring's footsteps.
We're all searching for spring together. Come and search with us!
*Pant* *Pant* I wanted to see you sooner, so I picked up the pace a bit.
Every time the season changes, I can sense its sound. As you might expect, spring sounds warm and happy.
Chika looked like she was in a trance while listening to me play the harp. I'm glad she seemed to enjoy it.
Wearing this costume in the woods while playing the harp would be so romantic. I want you to hear me play.
Seeing everyone's happy smiles, I feel like spring is coming. I can't help but smile as well.
When I am wearing this costume, I feel as though I am lost in a different world.
Allow me to take you to a world of fantasy. Come along with me.
My birthday is a special, happy occasion, zura. I even got to do a live show since I'm a school idol!
My birthday has made me feel a little more mature, zura. I'm growing a little bit at a time every day!
The bindings on the books I got for my birthday are so fancy, zura! I can't wait to read them, zura!
In the past, exchanging letters was a popular form of communication. I wanna give it a try with you.
Letters are really special, don't ya think? Our music is like a letter to our fans with our feelings inside!
*Giggle* I got your response letter! I'll give it a nice and long read later!
It's fun to exchange letters every now and then. I thought of you with each and every pen stroke.
I feel like I can be more honest in a letter. Did my feelings get through to you?
I was so surprised to receive a response from you. Would you like to continue being pen pals?
Birthdays are days for sharing gratitude, so I want to let everyone know how thankful I am for them.
One mustn't go over the top just because it's one's birthday. That being said, my heart won't stop pounding!
We were hoping to take a group photo after my birthday live show. Would you mind taking it for us?
That "magic of makeup" phrase is really overkill, but it does make me want to try it for myself.
C-Cute? I'm not cute! But thank you... That makes me happy.
I feel like everyone else looks better in these costumes and makeup than I do. I need to learn from them.
After I go shopping with Rin... *Giggle* It'll be makeup time.
Well? I look cute, too, right? *Giggle* Thanks!
After I'm done with Rin, I have to give the other members a taste of how good makeup can make you feel.
I'm having trouble deciding on a magic spell. I need to be more decisive.
These costumes Kotori designed for us have magical powers. *Chuckle* Would you like to know what they are?
I can use the slightest bit of magic right now. I'll cast a special spell on you.
What is it? *Chuckle* You don't have to tell me. I can see it written on your face.
I usually have my hair up, so this is kind of new and embarrassing. Hey, quit staring!
Being with you and the other members is so much fun. *Chuckle* I'm in a really good mood.
Butterflies are so pretty. I want our costumes to have that same gorgeous vibe.
I bet if I walk around in this costume, I'll end up stepping into another world! How cool would that be?
It makes me so happy when the costumes and the world on stage all come together. I hope you like it!
These costumes really remind me of spring fairies, zura. I'd love to bring spring to everyone.
The birds' song made me want to sing, too. We made our own little choir, zura!
I want to spread the warmth of spring to everyone through our song so they can feel warm inside, zura.
Breaks are part of work, too. Don't push yourself too hard and remember to relax!
This fantasy performance created by us Aqours members is super fantastic!
I'll be your guide through Aqours' fantasy world today. Don't get lost or you'll get turned into a fairy.
Just a bite of something sweet makes me feel happy. Here! This is my thanks to you for always being there.
Mari invited us to a sweets party. Let's sail forth at once! Aye aye!
I like Valentine's Day, but I also really like White Day. It feels like a day when you can be honest.
Aren't these White Day sweets so bright and colorful? Just looking at them makes me feel happy!
White Day is for reciprocating the Valentines you got. My song will have a special message just for you.
I planned this special sweets party to show everyone how thankful I am for them. Let's enjoy it together!
When I'm with everyone, we can overcome the bad and turn it into fun. Isn't that awesome?!
I feel like I can do anything because I know you'll always be there supporting me.
I hope I can keep showing everyone how much I love them!
Hearing everyone's voices at our shows gives me courage. Thank you for always being there for us.
It's always so fun and comforting to be around everyone. I love Aqours.
Even if I can't overcome something alone, I can if I'm with everyone else. They give me a lot of courage.
The sun is shining. It's the perfect weather for a live show!
On live show days, my emotions are heightened and my heart pounds. I think today is going to be amazing.
Now then, let's enjoy today to the max! You'd better join and go wild with us!
Sometimes a bit of makeup can completely change how people see you. I want to try out different techniques.
What're you looking at? *Chuckle* I'd say capturing your gaze means my makeup was a great success.
I bet I'll be able to improve my makeup if I ask everyone what they think.
I'm sure any girl goes through this, but... I feel like I have to get my makeup right and I get so nervous!
I feel like I can really wear this costume with pride since you looked it all over for me. Thank you!
I need to look at how other school idols style their costumes and learn from them!
I don't mind if I have to wait a bit. It just makes it that much better when we get what we're waiting for!
You should always work out after eating a lot! So, that being said... Race you over there!
Let's eat a lot, play a lot, and have all the fun we possibly can!
People put a lot of thought into how to make these amusement park rides fun. It's really fascinating!
There are photos of people on the roller coaster on sale at the exit. That's a bit embarrassing, huh?
I-I never scream, not even when I ride roller coasters. I-I think so, at least.
There is so much cute merch at this theme park, I don't know what I should buy.
You know, honey is sourced from the nectar of many types of flowers, so every brand smells different.
Wow, that merch is so cute! Say, where did you get it?
Arcades are full of rare stuff you don't get to see every day, so I never get tired of looking.
Crane games are easy to get hooked on. You just keep telling yourself it needs one more push to win.
Um, excuse me. Could you take a picture of me with my stuffed animal?
The more popular restaurants always have long lines and sell out in a heartbeat. We've gotta get going.
When you get close to a good restaurant, the smell just draws you in, huh?
Oh, your crepe looks good too. Why don't we share?
Theme parks are so nice on the inside, and all the buildings are so fancy. It's easy to get distracted.
A lot of times, things that look really close on a map turn out to be pretty far when you actually walk it.
Everyone looks pretty invested in shopping and in the rides. You wanna go somewhere too?
Waiting in line with somebody makes the time go by a lot faster than if you were alone.
Hold it! You've got to get a picture of yourself with your sweets before you dig in. Now say, Nico-Nico-Ni!
We came all the way out here, so we're gonna eat every kind of sweet they have!
Some things are so fun they can blow all your nerves away, huh? Let's make this an awesome live show!
These feelings of love keep pouring out of me! I just wanna squeeze everyone tight!
School idols are the best thing ever! I'll work hard so that you always think so, too!
It would make me so happy if all of our feelings reach you. I'll be counting on you to cheer us on.
If it's a costume I love, I'm happy to wear it over and over again. It helps me see how much we've improved.
It's easy to get absorbed in doing something you really love. That's what everyone taught me.
I can continue working hard because I have people cheering me on.
I gave it my absolute best because I wanted you to see how much we have grown. Please give us your support.
Honoka's power to lead everyone is truly amazing. I always look forward to seeing it.
I really treasure everyone's words of congratulations.
Aren't the words, "Happy Birthday," so great? Just hearing them makes me happy and puts a smile on my face.
Today's costume is a little translucent. Just seeing it refreshes you. Look forward to the birthday live show!
Posing for birthday photos is kind of embarrassing. Hey, don't take so many!
I have many things prepared for today's birthday party. *Giggle* Look forward to it, okay?
I love balloons with birthday messages written on them. Maybe I'll put this up in my room.
We only made nine of the zodiac animals, but we should make the snake, dragon, and horse later, too.
Maybe the birds outside of our live show will sing along with us. Just kidding! That'd be awesome, though.
I wish the gems on my tiara were real jewels! I hope I can have a tiara like that one day!
Maybe school idols can use magic. Putting smiles on people's faces is an incredible power, after all.
I think the power of music is kind of similar to magic. Don't you want to fall under my magic spell, too?
I thought of a magic spell to cast on you. I'll only say it once, so listen closely.
Chika and the others were saying I look like a flower fairy. *Giggle* That's kind of nice, actually.
Chika and You introduced me to this place, and I really love it now. I want to come back again soon.
There are so many sounds out in nature. I want to try listening for the sound of flowers in bloom.
When you have a lot of flowers, you might get stumped figuring out which to use. But that's kinda fun too.
You can get totally immersed in making flower crowns. Maybe Dia felt this way when she made our costumes?
Mari and I made flower crowns for each other. I'm so glad she liked it. Now I want to make more.
I've been thinking of Ruby as I braid these flowers together. It really puts my heart at ease.
The flower crown I made for Ruby was a bit too small, apparently. She's grown so fast.
I think an outfit based around flower crowns might be really nice. I'll have to talk to Ruby about it.
This is not an angel's halo. It is a FALLEN angel's halo! Mwahaha... I appreciate your ingenuity, Zuramaru!
With this crown upon my head, Yohane can see all! Now, to communicate with the fairies of spring!
Hear ye spring spirits, in thy butterfly vessels. Heed the fallen angel Yohane's call! Gather to my crown!
I made Yoshiko a fallen angel's halo. I'm so glad she liked it, zura!
I wanna make a bunch of flower crowns, just like the ones in my fairy tales. I'll make one for you too.
Having a flower crown makes me feel like the princess of a flower kingdom, zura. How romantic, zura!
Just wearing a flower crown is enough to make you smile. *Giggle* I'm gonna make one for you, too.
Being one with nature with everyone is such a refreshing time. *Giggle* Do you feel the same way?
Kanan and I made flower crowns for each other. *Giggle* Doesn't it look great on me?
Dia and I made flower crowns for each other. *Giggle* Isn't it cute?
Dia showed me how to make flower crowns. I can teach you if you want.
I wanna make a costume based on flower crowns! We could be like flower fairies!
Will you help the fallen angel Yohane make all of her aspirations come true?
My charming singing voice will captivate prospective little demons.
I'll be counting on your secret machinations, my little demon.
I want to make my heart one with everyone in the audience. I hope my heart reaches all of them.
I feel like with all of Aqours' powers combined, we can make any dream come true, zura.
Let's put on an amazing live show together. It'll be a sure success if I do it with you!
Sometimes all of my nerves are blown away because I'm having so much fun. I had the best time ever!
I can keep smiling because you're always supporting me. Thank you for everything!
I want you to keep watching our fun stages.
This outfit looks like a celestial maiden's silk kimono, huh? *Giggle* Shall I grant you a wish?
In the old days, there were no airplanes, so they traveled between lands by boat. It sounds so magical!
I get so excited to perform that I feel like I could fly. I bet you I really could if I tried now!
Dia told me I look just like Orihime. I wish I could be as good at weaving as she was.
My costume today is based on ancient China. What do you think? I hope you like it as much as I do.
Would you go on a journey with me to ancient China? *Giggle* I've studied all sorts of Chinese legends.
Wearing a skirt makes me feel so light and airy.
You're supposed to say cheese when you take a picture, right? What kinda cheese do you think they mean?
Oh shoot, I think I blinked right when you took the picture. Can we take another?
When Ferris wheels light up at night, they look like big sunflowers, don't you think?
You can smell all sorts of delicious things when walking around a theme park. *Sigh* Is it lunchtime yet?
Eep! I just heard a scream from that haunted house we just passed!
The teru teru bozu Umi and Kotori made for me is the cutest thing EVER!
Maybe if we make a ton of these little teru teru bozus, we can have nice weather every day!
I made a teru teru bozu to look like you. What do you think? Am I close?
Teru teru bozus are such Japanese charms, wouldn't you say? I showed my grandma as well.
The teru teru bozu Nozomi made for me is simple, but it has an uncanny resemblance.
I made some teru teru bozus with Alisa. Here you go! You can have one, too.
I displayed all the teru teru bozus I made with Hanayo in a row. They're all friends, just like we are!
Little teru teru bozu, I want to practice a bunch tomorrow, so please bring us some nice weather.
I tried making a cat teru teru bozu. It's a little different, but it's still super cute!
Well, I guess charms do work sometimes. I'm so glad the weather's clear.
Teru teru bozus might seem simple to make, but it takes some finesse. I can see myself getting addicted.
This teru teru bozu with a face drawn on it is adorable. Maybe it's because you were the one who drew it?
When the nine of us in μ's made teru teru bozus the sky became crystal clear.
Apparently, teru teru bozus exist in countries outside of Japan too. Did you know that?
I'm thinking of casting my most extraordinary spell yet to stop the rain. Care to join me?
I hung up the teru teru bozus Rin and I made all together. They're the best of friends.
I'm praying to Rin's teru teru bozu to make the rain go away faster!
I made a tiny teru teru bozu keychain. Now I can take it with me anywhere I go.
The clubroom is filled with teru teru bozus. I'm glad it's sunny and all, but isn't this kinda overdoing it?
Laundry never gets dry on rainy days. I'm gonna have to ask a teru teru bozu to clear the weather up for me.
Cotaro is obsessed with making teru teru bozus. He and the others are the reason for the recent sunny days.
Harasho... Your cheers resonated within me. I'm indescribably happy. Was I able to repay the favor?
We've worked all this time to show you all how far we've come. Let me show you the fruits of our labor!
I know for certain our concert's been a success when I see your smile.
Some things we deem miracles are really created by hard work. Miracles like the one we made together.
We're only able to work as hard as we do because the power of your cheers spurs us on.
You gave us the power we needed to create a miracle. I hope you'll keep watching over us from now on too.
Oh, promise me you'll keep cheering for me forever and ever! You gotta stay by my side no matter what, okay?
You be sure to keep your eyes on me no matter where I am on stage, okay? I won't take blinking as an excuse!
I'm gonna fill this venue with my radiant smile! You better give me some brilliant cheers in return!
This is a flower crown You made for me! *Giggle* It's so pretty!
Being a school idol is the first thing You and I were able to do together, so every day is so much fun.
You is so amazing. She puts so much thought into everything she makes for me so it all suits me perfectly!
This flower crown Chika made for me is a new treasure of mine.
Being a school idol is something I got to do with Chika for the first time, so I'm super happy!
I'm almost always smiling when I'm with Chika. I sure hope she feels the same.
I was looking for snails with You during the rainy season. Look, there's a little snail right now!
I've been waiting for it to rain ever since Riko told me about the sound of rain. There's so many sounds!
Rain or shine, being around all my friends is always fun. *Giggle* What should we all do today?
There are so many different sounds in the air when it rains. It's like nature's concert!
I've come to know so many seasonal sounds since I came to Uchiura. I hope to hear even more of them.
I've been improvising on the piano to the sound of raindrops. It's like a duet between me and the rain.
The ocean is beautiful on rainy days too. You can see the rain making patterns between the waves.
The sky sure is beautiful when the rain clears. It feels great breathing in the clear air.
It's sad we had to cancel practice due to the rain, but just hanging out with you is nice sometimes, too.
I get so excited when I find a snail on a rainy day. They're so cute!
We had a pet snail in the classroom when I was in elementary school. Everyone took turns taking care of it.
Riko says she can feel the melody of the rain. I think I can too. It has a very gentle sound today.
Some days, the forecast says it'll be sunny, but it rains. Could it be the work of heavenly assassins?
As ruler over the darkness, the light is my sworn enemy. The time has come for my trusty parasol!
Seeketh me should you forget your umbrella. I shall shield you from the rain with my fallen angel powers.
I look forward to reading at home on rainy days. Reading rainy stories on a rainy day is the best, zura!
Moisture is bad for books, so I worry about the library when it rains for too long. I hope it stops soon.
I'm looking to add books about the rain to our library committee's recommendations. Do you know any?
Rise and shine! It's time to enjoy our day out in the rain!
Don't tell me you didn't check the weather forecast? *Giggle* Come on under my umbrella.
Even on rainy days, I feel as shiny as ever when I'm with you.
All of that enthusiasm and all of your cheers are coming to me loud and clear. It's so encouraging.
Can you see how much we've grown? *Giggle* Yeah, I can feel it too.
I wanna give everyone the biggest hugs after our shows. I just want them to know how much I love them.
We'll be showing everyone how much we've grown at today's performance. I was so excited, I couldn't sleep.
I aim to exceed all your expectations at today's performance. Right then, here I go!
Would you like to see greater heights with us? *Chuckle* I hope you'll keep up with me, no matter how high.
It's such a blessing to have people you can be totally real with. School idols really are awesome!
I love you for giving me all of your support for all of my efforts. Thanks for your constant support!
How was the new and improved Aqours? *Chuckle* We haven't quite reached our goal yet, so stay on your toes.
*Giggle* Umi said she liked the teru teru bozu I made!
I hope Umi and I will always be together, the way we always have been.
Umi is so important to me. I always want to be by her side, chatting the hours away.
The teru teru bozu I made with Kotori may not look the best, but it's a treasure of mine.
Kotori and I have been together since we were little. I think that she's more than just a childhood friend.
Kotori means the whole world to me. Nothing would make me happier than knowing she feels the same way.
Having everyone celebrate my birthday with me is enough to put a huge smile on my face.
At today's birthday live show, I'll be sharing my happiness with everyone. I hope you look forward to it.
I hope to repay you all bit by bit for how happy you made me today. I can't wait for your birthdays, too!
Kotori and Umi picked out this yukata for me. I really love it.
It's so fun to dress up in a yukata and go to a festival. Where do you wanna go next?
Did you decide on your wish for the Star Festival yet? I have sooo many to choose from that I can't decide!
I've been really looking forward to going to the festival in our yukatas. Let's stick together today.
Everyone's yukatas are so cute. I was talking to Nozomi about swapping yukatas with her next time.
I want to wear yukatas casually more often, not just for special events like festivals. Will you join me?
Depending on the fabric print, a yukata can either make you look cuter or more mature. How do I look today?
The same yukata can look so different just by changing the sash. I want to wear yukatas lots this summer!
I thought up our costumes after seeing everyone's yukatas. I think they'll turn out really cute.
What a lovely custom. The way these heartfelt wishes are written so carefully onto wish slips is touching.
Oh right, we were going to the festival food stands after writing our wishes. Let's go meet up with Honoka.
My wish for the Star Festival is for everyone else's wishes to come true, including yours.
*Blow* *Blow* It's so much fun to make this pinwheel spin!
It's a thrill to even just look at all the stands at a
festival. I'm so excited!
Did you make a wish for the Star Festival? If I can make it come true, I will, just for you.
There's so much to enjoy at the food stands at festivals. Where should we start?
Mmm! There are so many good smells coming from the food stands. Are you getting hungry, too?
It was really fun to go to the festival with everyone. Let's go out in our yukatas again sometime!
It's easier to eat a candy apple if we cool it in the fridge, then cut it into pieces. Let's share one.
All the food at the stands looks delicious! Any of it would go great with some white rice!
Rin and Maki were so excited today. Let's go to a festival together again sometime!
I'm at my absolute cutest today! I sure hope you think the same.
I wanna give a performance that'll surprise everyone. You'd better look forward to it!
We all worked so hard for today's live show. We're gonna show you just how grateful we are!
I can feel just how much excitement everyone's brought today. I'll have to give it my best too.
I think it's a blessing to fall in love with something. I want to make you fall in love with us even more.
I'm so glad that you came to cheer us on during our greatest live show yet. Thank you for everything!
We practiced so hard for today. Watch and see just how hard we worked!
I'm so happy. There are so many more things I can do now! I hope you'll watch us grow even more!
I'm so glad I became a school idol. There are so many people cheering me on!
I'm so happy that I got to celebrate my birthday with everyone. I actually have a present to give you, too!
My collection of treasures grows with every birthday. Will you keep making precious memories with me?
The birthdays I get to spend with all of you are so dear to me! Promise you'll always spend them with me!
The power of language is the mysterious power words have. I want to share it with everyone through our song.
We'll show you an enchanting performance. I want you to use your entire body to experience it.
My spiritual power is at full throttle today. See? Feel how warm my hands are.
You're invited to an exciting magical live show! Let's experience a once-in-a-lifetime miracle together.
The guardian stone of my Chinese zodiac animal, the boar, is the ruby. But it's not for Ruby, it's for Mari.
I sent you a picture of all our Chinese zodiac stuffed animals. Be sure to check it out later.
I love seeing Ruby grow and evolve. I need to be diligent with my progress, too.
I'm truly fortunate to be able to do what I love and be a school idol together with Ruby.
I'm so proud of my sister. And I'm proud to be her sister, too.
I wanna be more grown-up, like my sister.
I'm really happy to be a school idol along with my big sis! Every day is so much fun!
I'm really proud to have Dia for a sister. She's always looking out for me.
Congrats! *Giggle* I feel like celebrating with everyone today. Ahaha!
The petal toss is super fun, huh? I'm gonna scatter a bunch around! I'll celebrate you, too!
Kanan looked so beautiful in her dress. I wanna wear a wedding dress made by You, too.
Flower petals floating in the wind is kind of like nature's sheet music, isn't it?
The petal toss is so fun, isn't it? Maybe I'll be like Chika and scatter petals more wildly.
*Giggle* It's just a promo video shoot, but it really feels like a wedding, so I can't help but smile!
*Giggle* I ended up catching the bouquet from the bouquet toss.
While it may have been a promo video shoot, weddings make me rather happy. I got a little teary.
Kanan and Mari's costumes were truly wonderful. I got quite emotional.
Wedding dresses sure are great. I'd like to make a real wedding dress one day!
Watching Chika and Riko made me realize that everyone has their own unique way of scattering flowers.
*Laugh* Oh, Chika! She's celebrating as if it's a real wedding! It looks like she's having fun.
I have sealed my fallen angel powers for the time being. Make sure you protect me today, little demon!
Spirits of the wind from far and wide, bring forth the winds of blessing together with me now!
For the ceremony today, I am wielding the ivory power of light. I'll give you some of my protection, too.
I've also come up with some dances using ribbon wands. I want you to watch me later, zura!
I did some research for the wedding-themed promo video. All the wedding dresses were lovely, zura!
Didn't Mari and Kanan look stunning in their wedding dresses? Like characters from a fairy tale, zura!
Making the wedding dresses was so much fun. I even tried my hand at making a dress for Dia, too.
It'd be nice to celebrate like this with everyone at a real wedding one day. I can't wait!
Everyone was happy about Kanan and Mari's dresses, too. I'm so happy!
Star Festival wishes sure are unique. They're not really the same as goals. I wonder if they'll come true.
Heading to the Star Festival with everyone is exciting! I gotta pray for everyone's wishes to come true.
There are some wishes you just want to have come true at all costs, right?
I'm sure my wishes will come true because I am the galaxy's number one idol!
Maki and I wished for exactly the same thing! *Giggle* Don't you think that's a huge coincidence?
Because it's a wish I definitely want to come true, I'm gonna do my very best to make sure it does!
Plastic wrap is handy for making nicely shaped rice balls because it keeps them from falling apart.
You could say that breakfast tastes the most like home, because that's where each family's quirks come out.
Coming up with a breakfast menu should be so easy, yet I can't believe I'm having so much trouble.
*Giggle* Coming up with new ideas is so much fun! I'm overflowing with them!
Today we're a new Printemps, different from yesterday. Will we be renewed again tomorrow?
I'm sure what I've tried out in Printemps will help to make μ's shine even brighter someday.
We need to keep an eye on Kotori because she sometimes pushes herself too hard.
While it may not be wise of her to overdo herself, the sight of Kotori working hard inspires us as well.
I would like Printemps, BiBi, and lily white to push each other in a quest to reach even greater heights.
Umi and Kotori really over-think things. What we need to prioritize, first and foremost, is our Nico smiles!
I'm gonna show you a super great smile that'll stand up to Umi's and Kotori's! Nico-Nico-Ni!
Nico-Nico-Ni! With the three of us together, our smiles are 300 million times as strong!
Today, a ceremony will be held for the fallen angel Yohane's birth. Come celebrate with me, little demon!
Mwahaha. This offering is perfect for celebrating Yohane's birth. It seems my psychic influence worked!
You will grant all of the fallen angel Yohane's wishes? Mwahaha. As expected from Yohane's little demon!
Even if it's all white like purity and goodness, this rabbit is a fallen angel's familiar. Don't be fooled!
Whether it's at school or at home, I will actively be a fallen angel and... I-I can't do this after all!
The rabbit's protective stone, jade, grants eternal youth and longevity. Want to live forever with Yohane?
Weddings are wonderful, aren't they? It takes me back to when Mari, Dia, and I pretended to be brides.
Weddings truly are special days. I wonder what would make for a good promo video?
Mari is playing the bride, and I'm the groom. It's kinda making my heart flutter.
Kanan, Dia, and I used to wear curtains as dresses and pretend to be brides together as kids.
I'm thinking of a super shiny wedding story for the promo video.
Since I'm playing the part of the bride, I asked Kanan to be my groom!
Are you ready to get things fired up at my special live show? Let's make it a fun show together!
Rin and Hanayo are going to try their best to make me a birthday feast. I can't wait to see what they make.
Celebrating my birthday with family is fun, but spending it with you and the girls feels special. Thank you.
I'm glad we could all visit Otonokizaka and the Kanda shrine. Chika has always wanted to visit.
Maybe I'm seeing things differently from when I used to live in Tokyo because of a certain "someone."
I want to come to Tokyo with everyone again someday. Maybe next time, it'll be to perform a live show!
There isn't a dance floor, but maybe if I race down the stairs... I-I won't really do it! Don't glare, Dia!
The roof is open! We can finally practice again! Let's hurry up and get going!
It's the best feeling to move exactly how I did in my visualizations!
Kanan is much stronger than she believes she is. I wish she could exercise some restraint.
The brisk ocean water, together with Kanan and Hanamaru's warmth, have made me a stronger person.
The three of us have joined forces to create AZALEA. I promise we will give the ultimate performance!
A massage from Kanan will blast away my fatigue today, zura!
I'm gonna rest as much as possible today, so I can give it my all starting tomorrow, zura!
Dia and Kanan can be kind of strict, but they're also super nice. We had a really fun sleepover, zura!
We'll all combine our powers and make today's show another amazing one. Come on, now. Fall under my spell.
Our performances are great because we create them with the people who watch us. Let's go all out!
I, the galaxy's number one idol, can use the absolute best magic. I'll completely enchant you!
I'm so glad you all came to celebrate my birthday! You bet I'll be celebrating all of yours just as hard!
We all prepared for my birthday party together. Surprises are nice, but I just like being with everyone.
I'm gonna tell everyone I love them a bunch since it's my birthday today! I love all of you!
Birthdays are so great! You get treated to food, and cake, and people even put on live shows for you!
I'm gonna make this a fun birthday that'll put a smile on everyone's face. Let's celebrate together!
This combo live show and birthday party is a present from everyone! This is gonna be the best day ever!
The sun is so bright, and the blue sky and ocean seem to go on forever. I'm energized just seeing them!
The ocean's pretty around noon, but it looks special in the morning, evening, and at nighttime, too!
Hey, do you wanna play beach volleyball with me over there? *Giggle* I'm not gonna lose!
I'm so glad it's sunny today. I should thank Honoka for inviting me out.
I love the ocean because there are so many ways to have fun, whether I'm on my own or with other people.
We came all this way, so let's swim a little! Wanna race to that sign?
My tiger is gonna eat all of the anxiety and nerves I feel before the live show! Chomp, chomp, roar!
Oh no! The heart part of the wand has a scratch on it! Wh-What should I... Oh, never mind. It was just lint.
Rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake... Umm, what else? I memorized them all, but I forgot again!
Wearing this costume reminds me of when I wanted to be a witch. I wish I could use magic, just for today.
I can't fly on a broom, but I can make everyone who comes to our show happy. That's magic, too, right?!
The feeling of loving someone is sparkly, just like magic. I love all of you so, so much!
Even if I'm about to get lost in an unknown city, I SHOULD be okay if I look at the map on my phone!
The drinks sold at stores and in vending machines look so good when you're tired from walking.
Hold up, Umi! That's not a walk, that's a jog!
Cute, cute, all things cute... There are so many cute things around when you look for them!
Maki is always so levelheaded, so she's really adorable when she gets all bashful and stuff!
I can't lose to Hanayo's rice talk. I wanna be able to talk about everything that's great about ramen too!
Rin has so many cute sides to her, she just doesn't realize it herself.
The word "cute" is always casually thrown around, but it's actually pretty hard to explain on the spot.
Hanayo becomes a completely different person when white rice is involved. That's so like her, though.
*Giggle* I know SO many of Rin's cute points.
Super-energetic μ's Rin is cute, but she's also wonderful as a part of lily white, too.
There are so many cute things in this world, but the cuteness of rice balls is on a whole other level!
You're sharing your candy apple with me? How sweet of you, Yoshiko!
It looked like the fireworks shot up on your cue, Yoshiko. Your fallen angel powers are pretty impressive.
So many surprising things happen when I'm with you, Yoshiko. It's so much fun!
Why does food from stands taste this good?!
As a special treat today, I will show you around, Lili. Look forward to it!
Flame spirits, heed my summons... Decorate the jet-black night skies with your brilliant burning displays!
I got to go to all the places I wanted to thanks to Yoshiko's advanced research! This is like a dream, zura!
I made lots of memories with everyone in Tokyo. I feel like I could probably tour Tokyo in my dreams now!
Tokyo is such an exciting city with all of its fancy stores. Ruby is also so full of life, zura!
We need to think more seriously about strengths before our next practice session.
Can my Riko Beam be considered as my special move?
Both Mari and Yoshiko just get far too carried away!
Nothing scares the fallen angel Yohane! Absolutely nothing! I mean it!
Place your belief in me! I will bring about victory!
Mari and Riko are both troublesome little demons. I must stay levelheaded!
Try some of the ultimate boxed lunch I made! You'll keep coming back for more!
If you don't like my Dark-Metal-Style boxed lunch, how about regular Metal-Style seasoning?
Riko, Yoshiko, don't be shy! There's still plenty of food in the lunch I made!
Gathering around the barbecue with everyone is such a special experience. I'm really looking forward to it!
I learn lots of things when I cook with you, Nico. Maybe I should jot them down before I forget.
So my special dessert was a hit with you as well then, Nico!
Having a barbecue with everyone makes all of this cooking worthwhile. I wonder if this is enough?
Nozomi, you ask lots of questions, so I get carried away explaining. Maybe it's 'cause you're a good listener.
Your special dessert surprised me, Nozomi. It was unique and tasty!
The trick to walking for exercise is to maintain a steady pace and hydrate regularly.
Actually walking to places you'd get to more quickly by bus or train is fun because you make discoveries!
I gotta make sure I don't lose sight of both Umi, racing ahead, and Honoka, lagging behind...
I'll help you whenever you're in need, Eli! Talk to me about anything, okay?
Urgh. Both BiBi and lily white are hitting it out of the park! Printemps has to step up as well!
I've done absolutely everything I can for Summer of Love Live!
*Sigh* I've still got a lot to learn. I can't believe I couldn't even understand my own friends.
I've been encouraged by your words many times, Honoka. I can't thank you enough.
You might understand me more than I understand myself, Nozomi. Thanks for everything.
You're reliable, but you're not perfect, Eli. As your vice president, I gotta support you.
I need to make sure I'm not always thinking about Eli and focus on working hard for lily white as well!
There were a lot of problems along the way, but I'm glad things have ended with smiles all around like this!
Since this is a birthday concert, I used tons of ribbons to make it feel more festive. What do you think?
I got a little birdie for a birthday present. What should I name it? Why don't we think of a name together?
I'm so happy that all my friends came together to celebrate my birthday. I want to do the same for you.
Do you believe in the magic of happiness? I wish I could share my feelings of happiness with you.
With today's costumes, the μ's members transformed into witches. I'm going to cast a spell on you, too.
I'm happy the other members and I get to be witches. I wish this magical time with you could last forever.
