It's Nozomi-chan's birthday today~! Ehehehe. We're all going to go for yakiniku later!
Today is the Star Festival. I hope that Orihime and Hikoboshi can meet safely♪ I hope everyone's wishes come true♪
Did you already write down your wish for Tanabata? I wished for Orihime-sama and Hikoboshi-sama to be able to meet every day~
Today is Umi-chan's day apparently! We're planning on having a sleepover. I'm looking forward to it! ♪
Ehehe, it's Umi-chan's day so we came to the sea. ♪ Wah, that's cold, Umi-chan!
It's Nico-chan's birthday, so we're all going to go "Nico Nico Nii"☆ All together, everyone!
Happy birthday, Nico-chan! Everyone loves you a lot you know. ♡
Sweets♪ Sweets♪ Today is Kotori's birthday, so I brought a lot of sweets
Happy birthday, Kotori-chan. ♪ Everyone loves how cute and level-headed you are.
Today's the Mid-Autumn Festival. The full moon looks a bit like Homura's manjuu~
Homura has special rabbit manjuu on sale just for the Mid-Autumn Festival today! Uu~ I wish I could go moon viewing instead of helping out the store~
Eli-chan, happy birthday! ♪ Please keep looking after us! Just kidding.
It's Eli-chan's birthday today. We're all going to congratulate her and surprise her! ♪
It's Halloween, so I want to dress up and get candy! Let's go out in matching outfits~ ♪
Kyaa! A ghost! ...Ah, was it just Umi-chan dressed up as one!?
I'm having trouble figuring out what to get Rin-chan for her birthday. Do they sell ramen plushies?
Happy birthday, Rin-chan! I hope that I can be together with your energetic self forever. ♪
I think Santa has a huge warehouse full of presents. I want to go to it~
Merry Christmas! Everyone is with me, and so are you. I couldn't ask for a better Christmas! ♪
This year was a lot of fun. ♪ Let's have some New Year's soba together and make that our last memory of the year!
May our songs reach everyone next year as well... ♪ I'll do my best next year too!
Happy New Year~! I'm so glad I get to be with you right at the very start of it. ♪
Uh...during New Year's, I like to slowly fall asleep... is it okay to do it sometimes?
Happy birthday, Hanayo-chan! ☆ Make sure you stay being a cute school idol from now on too. ♪
Happy birthday Hanayo!! As the sweet viking of the day, let's feast!
Everyone's so serious about throwing beans today~ How about the two of us run away?
福はーみんなのうち♪福はーみんなのうち♪みんなの家に幸せいっぱい届きますように！
It's okay to eat lots of chocolate today. ♪ I'm going to go get some from Kotori-chan. ♪
いつも穂乃果のそばにいてくれるあなたに……　はい、バレンタインチョコレート♡
The Emperor doll looks strict, so it reminds me of Umi-chan and Eli-chan~
おおっ、ちらし寿司ケーキ！　これを静かに食べながら、願い事すればいいんだよね？
White Day's a day where I can eat lots of candy, right? I'm going to go get some from Kotori-chan. ♪
えーっ、チョコのお返し？　嬉しいな……もらっていいの？　お菓子だったら二人で食べようよ♪
We're going to surprise Umi-chan by throwing her a birthday party. ♪ Keep it a secret from her, okay~?
海未ちゃん、お誕生日おめでとうっ！　10年先も、20年先も、ずっとずーっと仲良しでいようね！
We've got a concert today! I want to show everyone the fruits of our practice.
Ehehe... You've got a huge grin on your face. It's great seeing everyone's happy faces during a concert~
Happy birthday, Maki-chan. ♪ Everyone loves your piano playing and your voice.
Here, kashiwa mochi. ♪ Today's Children's Day so we all made some together.
