Happy birthday, Nozomi. ♪ Thanks for always looking after me. I'll... be counting on you in the future too.
Gathering everyone's strips of papers... My habits as the student council president show themselves now too.
Orihime-sama and Hikoboshi-sama can't meet except for on Tanabata... Sometimes gods do some cruel things too.
Happy birthday, Nico. May you always act like yourself from now on too... ♪
Hanayo and I baked a birthday cake for Nico together. We made sure it was cute, just like her. ♪
Happy birthday, Kotori. ♪ I have to start preparing for the party since you're the princess today. ♪
Happy birthday, Kotori! Your charm and kindness comes from all the hard work you put in every day, huh?
Today's the Mid-Autumn Festival, isn't it? The full moon is so pale and bright... I'm not Nozomi, but I can feel the power coming from it.
Thanks for saying that I fit the role of Princess Kaguya. Maybe I should take you to the moon with me, Kotori. ♪
My... You remembered my birthday? I'm glad. Let's go home together today. ♪
Today's my birthday. I'm thankful to my family for raising me and to everyone who wished me a happy birthday... ♡
Today's Halloween. ♪ ...There better not be anyone out there who would rather be tricked.
Halloween was apparently a day for warding off evil spirits. Evil begone! Did I sound like Nozomi just now?
Happy birthday, Rin! ...Oh? What is this...? A ramen plushie...?
Happy birthday, Rin! You're the life of the party within µ's and you give me a ton of energy every day. ♪
Merry Christmas! ♪ Being able to be together with you is like my present. ♪
Merry Christmas! Elichika has brought you a present as your Santa Claus. ♪
This year's almost about to end. Let's make the next year even better. ♪
Ehehe, I know you want to stay up to welcome the new year, but don't push yourself. Rest when you need to.
Happy New Year! Come on, stop sleeping. Let's visit the shrine. ♪
New years morning practice is tiring? Ah let's first take a walk to the shrine slowly♪
Happy birthday, Hanayo! I like how you always take everything at your own pace. ♪
Hanayo works very diligently seriously towards anything♪ Have an amazing birthday, Hanayo♪
You have to throw lots of beans so that evil demons won't come! Demons out! Ehehe!
はい、キミの分。年の数だけ福豆を食べて、今年も健康に過ごしましょうね
Display windows around Valentine's are filled with hearts. It makes me feel happy. ♪
もうチョコレートもらっちゃった？　……まだなの？　よかった……はい、キミへのプレゼント♪
Huh? I'd look good in the Emperor doll's outfit? ...Hehe, that doesn't sound too bad. ♪
子どもの頃ね、大きくなったらお雛様になりたいなって思ってたの。……あっ、今笑ったわね？
Hehe, I saw some cute White Day cookies so I bought them. ♪ Do you want some?
バレンタインのお返しは、キミがいてくれるだけでいいの……なーんて。ちょっと恥ずかしいわね
Happy birthday, Umi. ♪ You're such a dependable person and the indispensable cornerstone of µ's.
清楚で芯が強くて……大和撫子っていう言葉は、海未にこそふさわしいわ。誕生日おめでとう♪
I'm sure we'll be fine. Let's make today's concert a blast!
We'll be putting everything we have into it... so make sure you come see us, okay? ♪
Maki gives off the impression of a cool beauty, but she has passion hidden in her heart. Happy birthday. ♪
Everyone's in such high spirits because it's Children's Day... Ehehe, how cute.
