Today's my birthday. I'll have to give my thanks to the gods for being able to safely welcome another birthday.
I'll be sure to pray so that Orihime-sama and Hikoboshi-sama will meet.
As I'm gazing at the night sky, I'll write a poem while thinking of you... It'd be great if I actually could write one.
Today was your birthday, Nicocchi? ...Just kidding. Of course I remembered. Let's celebrate. ♪
Nico Nico Nii! ☆ I hope you stay the same lovable girl who gets carried away so often. ♡
Happy birthday, Kotori-chan. ♪ Whenever I look at you, it makes me feel soft and fluffy inside. ♪
Happy birthday, Kotori-chan. ♪ We'll be the ones to lead the way today, so please enjoy yourself, Princess Kotori! ♡
The Mid-Autumn Festival is a holiday to pray for and give thanks to the harvest. It's all thanks to the moon that the dango are so delicious. ♪
I always receive power from the moon... but it feels especially strong during the Mid-Autumn Festival. ♪
Today's Elicchi's birthday. We secretly prepared a huge cake for her. ♪
Elicchi, it's your birthday today, so you should show us more of your smile. ♡
Trick or treat! A super breast rub is waiting for those who won't give me candy! ♪
It's Halloween but you didn't bring me any candy... Does that mean you wanted a breast rub?
Do you remember what today is? It's Rin-chan's birthday. Let's all throw a huge celebration for her together. ♪
Ahaha, wishing yourself a happy birthday is just like you, Rin-chan! Happy birthday! ♪
Kids who stay up to wait for Santa to come won't get a present, don't you think~?
Elicchi is Santa this year and I'm a reindeer. ♪ We'll make sure to give everyone lots of happiness!
It looks like we'll be able to welcome the New Year without incident. I'll have to give my thanks to God and everyone who helped me. ♪
...Zzz... Ah, I'm not asleep. I'm totally awake. Today's New Year's Even after all. ♪
Happy New Year! It's the start of a new year, so let's pay the gods a visit.
あけおめやん♪　今年もあなたにたーっくさん素敵なことがありますように！
It's Hanayo-chan's birthday today. ♪ Did everyone remember to prepare rice balls?
とっても優しくてかわいくて、みんなに愛される花陽ちゃん♪　今日は最高の誕生日にしようね！
Demons hate sardines and holly olive. Here, put these on and fight them off!
節分は年の数だけ大豆を食べるんだよ。あなたに福がたっぷり訪れるようにお祈りしとくやん♪
When you're confessing your love, I'll infuse you with some of my power! ♪
はい、チョコレート♪これを食べたら、ウチのことが忘れられなくなっちゃうかも……☆
If Elicchi were the Emperor doll, then I'd be the Empress doll...? No, hmm... Maybe one of the court ladies?
ちらし寿司を型に入れて、っと……　今年のひなまつりはちらし寿司ケーキで楽しくパーティやん♪
It's White Day today. It'd be great if I heard good news from everyone. ♪
わあ……クマさんクッキーだ♡　ウチもバレンタインデーのお返しのお返しを用意すればよかった～
Umi-chan, happy birthday. ♪ You're so dependable but there are times when you're helpless... It's cute. ♪
うっみうっみう～♪　μ'sの言葉を紡ぎだす作詞担当！　園田海未ちゃんの誕生日やん♪
I'm looking forward to today's concert. ♪ ...Geez, if you're nervous, then you'll make me nervous too.
I want to feel the power of µ's from our concert. Not only are we cute, but we're also powerful. ♪
Happy birthday, Maki-chan. ♪ I find it cute how you can never be honest with yourself.
It's Children's Day! Let's bring out our inner child and have lots of fun. ♪
