Happy birthday, Nozomi-chan. ♪ I love the mischievous side of you. ♪
ちょきちょき……はなよちゃんと一緒に七夕の飾りを作ってるんだ♪　次はお星様にしようっと
I wished for everyone to be able to spend the day with their loved ones. I hope it gets granted. ♪
Ehehe, today is Umi-chan's day~ I made pajamas that would look good on her. ♪
Umi-chan feels more like the sea at night than the one at day. She's quiet, kind, and relaxing... Ehe, I love her. ♪
I used birthday candles in the shape of 2 and 5 to spell out "Nico Nico Nii" on Nico-chan's birthday cake. ♪
Happy birthday, Nico-chan. ♡ You're definitely the school idol I want to be. ♪
Happy~ ♪ Happy~ ♪ Today's my birthday. ♪ Let's have some delicious cake together with everyone~
Huh? You knew that it was my birthday today? Hehe... That makes me happy. Thanks. ♡
Roll them up, roll them up, and they're done. ♪ You can't go moon viewing on the Mid-Autumn Festival without dango~
I've been thinking... Eli-chan's skin is so beautiful and pale. She'd be perfect as Princess Kaguya.
Ehehe, the delicious cake is done baking. ♪ Today's Eli-chan's birthday after all~
Happy birthday, Eli-chan. ♡ You'll always be the older sister that we all admire. ♪
Trick or treat! ☆ That means that if you don't give me candy, I'll play a trick on you. ♪
Wah, Rin-chan, you're dressed up as a kitty for Halloween. ♪ *pet pet*... So cute~
Is this a ramen plushie~? It's so cute... ♪ It's the perfect birthday gift for Rin-chan~
Both Rin-chan's boyish and girly sides are cute. Happy birthday! ♡
It's Christmas! Did you prepare a stocking~?
Tada! I made a huge Christmas cake this year. ♪ Let's all eat up. ♡
The year's almost over... New Year's Eve always makes me feel a bit sad.
I'm really happy that I got to spend this year with the rest of µ's. ♪ I want to be with them next year too!
Happy New Year. ♪ Let's make this year another fun one~
Happy New Year♪　I think I want to stay with you this year.
Happy birthday, Hanayo-chan. ♪ I made a cake in the shape of a rice ball today... ☆
If you stay with Hanayo, you will start to feel happy and it will feel soothing♪ Happy birthday♪
Ahaha... Looks like everyone's fighting demons today. I told Rin-chan I'd eat beans together with her.
鬼はーそとっ！　福はーうちっ！でも、かわいい鬼さんだったら、鬼でもーうちっ♪
Today's Valentine's Day. ♪ I'm going to give out chocolate filled with my feelings.
ちょっと恥ずかしいけど……自分の気持ちをチョコレートで表現出来るなんて素敵だと思うなあっ
Make sure you handle the Empress doll gently. You should only put away the dolls on a day with good weather!
ひなまつりって、お雛様も桃の花もとっても綺麗だよね。女の子なんだな～って実感しちゃう♡
Today's White Day, so I made lots of macarons! Dig in, everyone. ♪
ことりは、ことりの好きな人にお菓子をいっぱいあげたいな。ケーキもあるんだよ。はい、あーんっ
Umi-chan's birthday party is about to start. I hope she likes it. Ehehe, I can't stop myself from smiling.
ことりは、海未ちゃんと一緒の毎日がとっても幸せなんだ～　これからもよろしくお願いしますっ
It'd be great if our concert reached everyone's hearts. ☆ I'll do my best!
Everyone helped out with today's outfits. That makes me really happy... ♪
Maki-chan plays the piano so well, and her fingers are so beautiful when she plays. ♪ Happy birthday~
The kashiwa mochi I made with Honoka-chan is delicious. ♪ You can't have Children's Day without it~
